Line: [MUSIC PLAYS]
Line: [BRANDON EDDY] Our expectations of fathers have drasticallychanged. It's becoming more of a "...I'm going
Line: to celebrate my father for more than just
providing for us. I'm going to celebrate
Line: my father for playing catch in the yard with
me.. For being there when I'm sad. For not
Line: just financially supporting me, but emotionally
and mentally and socially supporting me as
Line: well." I think we are viewing dads in a very
different light than we have before and so
Line: we've gone from this traditional role of bread
winner and disciplinarian to now fathers are
Line: getting their kids ready for school. They're
dropping them off at school. They're planning
Line: meals. They're grocery shopping. Many fathers
are now learning to do their daughter's hair.
Line: I think parents need to convey
to their children that, listen,
Line: I'm not having boundaries because we're wanting
to suppress you or we're wanting to restrict you
Line: from doing things. Boundaries ultimately are
to protect individuals and protect people,
Line: and sometimes it's boundaries around media in
the household or the amount of cell phone usage,
Line: and I think that the communication around rules
and boundaries can probably be increased. Instead
Line: of "because I say so" to "here's why." One of
the things I would say with parents is work
Line: on and take care of yourself first of all. It's
really hard to provide aid and support to people
Line: when we are struggling ourselves. Parents need
to make sure they are taking the time to make
Line: sure they are good, attending to their own mental
health. I would say a strong, strong relationship
Line: is strong marriages. Parents who are working on
their own relationship, who are, you know, working
Line: to better themselves. Making sure that their
marriage is strong and that their partnership
Line: is strong are typically going to be better
parents, and be more emotionally available and
Line: readily available to their children. I think that
people are going to look at fathers going forward
Line: in as a complete parent, and not as a a partial
parent or is a parent who only does X, Y, or Z.
Line: [MUSIC FADES]
